Add meeting notes 2020-01-07 (#11)
p2pcommons/working-group: 20200107.md

    - Julian Gruber [@juliangruber](https://twitter.com/juliangruber)
    - Diego Paez [@carax](https://twitter.com/carax)
    - Chris Hartgerink [@chartgerink](https://twitter.com/chartgerink)
-   General announcements
    - Happy fresh year :tada:
      - While rounding up the year I made a Y1Q1 recap; see [Vimeo](https://vimeo.com/380473491)
    - From next week James will be joining our calls as a dedicated product manager; ultimately he'll be leading the calls
    - Hyperdivision field trip coming up in March, CHJH will reach out to make arrangements. 
-   [`@p2pcommons/specs`](https://github.com/p2pcommons/specs)
    - Update by Chris
      - Bumped module spec to `v0.2.2`, now includes the avatar for profiles as well
      - Text specification is still open; I think this will only start moving when we start producing content
      - Interoperability spec has stalled; I'll be doing a refresh before our next meeting to make sure it's up-to-date
    - Questions
-   [`@p2pcommons/sdk-js`](https://github.com/p2pcommons/sdk-js)
    - Update by Diego
      - Migrating to latest corestores and hyperdrive
      	- Lots of updates of dependencies, so we're trying to keep track

>         - Hyperswarm working, but using old version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Swarm & replication working, but using old hyperdrive version (`^10.4.x`)
```

>       - Having an issue with `mirror-folder`, need to do a deepdive on these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Having some issues integrating `mirror-folder` with latest `hyperdrive`, need to do a deepdive on these
```

    - Questions
-   [`@hypergraph-xyz/cli`](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/cli)
    - Update by Julian
      - Finished register action; released `v0.3.0`

>     - Questions

Reviewer 2: shall we omit these if there were no questions, to improve the signal-to-noise ratio?

-   [`@hypergraph-xyz/desktop`](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop)
    - Update by Julian

>       - Setup a workbench for isolated component development for Patch, [Storybook](storybook.js.org/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - Set up a workbench for isolated component development for Patch, [Storybook](storybook.js.org/)
```

tiny cute fix

      - Set up react spring for Patch
      - Implemented automated builds
        - Should build installer for all OSes
	- We will need an Apple Certificate, Windows Certificate.
	- CHJH: Will think about legal text
    - Questions
-   [`@hypergraph-xyz/editor`](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/editor)
    - Update by Julian
      - No updates
    - Questions
-   [`@hypergraph-xyz/mobile`](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/mobile)
    - PLACEHOLDER
-   [`@hypergraph-xyz/vault`](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/vault)
    - Update by Julian
      - API part started; set up basic webserver and basic Stripe webhook endpoint
      - Set up Dockerfile and deploy script; have deployed but not reachable

>       - When we decide to move away from AWS, we can move eg to Google Cloudrun, or self-hosted environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - When we decide to move away from AWS, we can move eg to Google Cloud Run, or self-hosted environment.
```

      - Serverless: We would be deploying application code, and not server operations. Problem for us is that it isn't portable. We could use serverless docker, which doesn't have this issue. We wouldn't need to manage the machines. Serverless abstracts the machine away
      - If we want to manage our own machines we'd need an ops person.

>       - This would be a good moment to see how distributed filesystems (for DP). E.g., an s3 worker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - This would be a good moment to see how distributed filesystems work (for DP). E.g., an s3 worker.
```
